Recommend "Max Protection" DNS over HTTPS in Firefox (#2292)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/desktop-browsers.md

This prevents you from unintentionally connecting to a website in plain-text HTTP. Sites without HTTPS are uncommon nowadays, so this should have little to no impact on your day to day browsing.

##### DNS over HTTPS

> - [x] Select **Max Protection** DNS over HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a [DNS over HTTPS provider](dns.md):

- [x] Select **Max Protection** and choose a suitable provider
```

> Max protection will always use DNS over HTTPS and a security warning will show if we can’t connect to the secure DNS resolver, or if the secure DNS resolver indicates there are no addresses for the domain you are trying to access. This will prevent ISP and government to monitor your DNS queries. Note that your DNS queries can still be monitored by the DNS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Max Protection enforces the use of DNS over HTTPS, and a security warning will show if Firefox can’t connect to your secure DNS resolver, or if your secure DNS resolver says that records for the domain you are trying to access do not exist. This stops the network you're connected to from secretly downgrading your DNS security.
```
